# Global-Store
Product Description  > Are you tired of searching best rated android apps and games on conventional app stores ? Then here is Global Store. Top Rated Apps Store is the product of a brand new, revolutionary concept in the app world. It offers you a world of top rated mobile apps and games from authentic developers. At GS , you will be able to find best rated android apps and games from a variety of categories  Global Store is a state-of-the-art platform comprising of most popular and highly ranked best android apps and games distributed beautifully within a wide range of categories for the convenience of users.   Apparently the idea seems similar to various other App Stores but in reality it is a lot more innovative and different. Global Store is a directory of apps that are top-of-the-line and have received high ratings from users and not all of the apps unlike other such platforms. You must be thinking how we would decide about listing the apps… Well, this is not a complicated task at all.   What we do is check out the ratings of all apps and games at Play Store and then select those that have garnered at higher rating points. So, users feedback and developer’s caliber decides about the apps that you will be able to download from Global Store.   This is probably the only store that focuses so much on uploading the best of the best android apps.   Still wondering about “Why Global Store”?   Let’s explore Global Store a bit more extensively.   When you visit conventional app stores, you find all kinds of apps, highly rated ones as well as low rated ones. Some of the apps that you find over there are from unreliable sources and thus, downloading them could be quite risky.  Due to the presence of such vast range of apps, finding the best and most useful ones or the ones you are looking for becomes difficult and searching transforms into a tiresome process. Low rated apps, if downloaded, can prove to be devastating for your computer or mobile and also for you because it will tarnish the experience you might be expecting from the app. So what happens is that you get bored of searching endlessly from the massive database of apps and end up installing the worst kind of apps.. or you simply give up and curse the app store.   On the other hand, consider the scenario in which you visit Global Store, check out the app ratings of a particular category of apps such as games or cookery related apps and click on download. Yes… it is as simple as that at GS.   With help of rating system based apps, which is a concept introduced by GS itself, you will be able to easily find most useful and reliable apps within merely seconds.   We do offer a wide variety of categories and app choices but our filtering criteria are very crisp and sharp.   Only those apps that have been handpicked from Play Store by our team are listed at Global Store. This aspect boosts the credibility of Global Store and also makes the searching process highly convenient for users.   Moreover, we have introduced a really fast and simplistic navigation style on our app through which you can easily find the most popular apps currently ruling the tech world.   The design and layout of Global Store has been deliberately kept simple and minimalist because we have observed that the layout of other app stores pages is somewhat confusing for users.  You also can use the Wishlist option through which you will be able to install your favourite apps later when you are free and need to use that app.   So, it is a reliable, time-saving, versatile and multi-dimensional application created solely for users who don’t want to compromise at all and prefer high quality, top-rated apps only.
